So let's ensure we can fetch places.
As I mentioned definitely tried this on your own first if you haven't already.
Otherwise we'll now do it together.
First of all let's have a look at the back end.
There we have our places roots and we got Dad root which allows us to fetch a place by user I.D. which
is exactly what we want or to be precise.
Fetch multiple places by user I.D..
So there we need to send a GET request to this you are L and of course we want to do that on the user
Places page.
That's the page where we render our places.
That's where I currently use the dummy places.
I'll comment this out.
You could also delete it.
Actually let's delete it to save some space because we're not using the dummy places anymore.
Instead let's now use our custom hook here.
The use age to be client hook from shared hooks h the p hook and let's use that to make our HBP request.
So here I will call use h to be client and we get back and object which I'll D structure with the is
loading state the error state the send request function and the clear error function.
Then here we extract the user I.D. from the U R L which we definitely need under after we want to send
our request and we want to do this only once.
So again I will use use effect here to ensure that we send the request when this component renders but
not when it re renders.
So here as a dependency I will provide send request which will never be recreated because it's wrapped
in use callback.
So this will never trigger this function here to re render and therefore this function will only render
once when this component is mounted.
Now in this component I want to manage my my load at places here as a state now because initially it
will be empty and I want to set it once I got the data.
And then this component should re render.
So it definitely should be some component state loaded places and set loaded places here.
Initialize on the find here we can get rid of this line down for it now and use effect.
I will call send request and justice before I want to use async await but adding async here is not really
something you should do so I will wrap this into a new function fetch places.
This now can be an async function.
And in this function I will use send request for my custom hook and I will simply call fetch places
here now.
So send request now can be waited for so to say and we'll get our response data here.
Now let's have a brief look at the back and what we get there in the places controller in get places
by user I.D. ie in the end expect to get my user ideas part of the of the URL and then either return
in the end an object with a place as key with my places.
So back on the front end this will have a place as key or it should have.
Let's wrap it and try catch so that we only set our loaded places here.
If we do have a successful response so then I will call set loaded places and set as equal to response
data.
Dark Places because Dad is Dad key we are getting on the back end and this will be an array so we'll
set this year and otherwise I'll not do anything.
Now the user I.D. here of course is required to send that request.
So here it will set up a template literal with tactics so that we can easily inject dynamic data into
this string.
It of course starts as it always starts with local host five thousand slash API slash places and then
per hour back at API definition it's slash user.
You can check the back and roots here if you're not sure slash user and then slash the actual user I.D..
So in my case you slash user slash and then I inject the user I.D. I get year out of my you are El we
want to send a get request.
We need no special headers so no our argument needs to be passed to send request however user I.D. now
also needs to be added as a dependency on the user effect.
Function here because while we do use user I.D. in there but this also won't change as long as we are
on the same page with the same user I.D. in the you are El obviously I want to show an error if we got
one.
And I also want to show a loading state.
So just as before we can import the error model from shared components UI elements error modal and repeat
that step to also import our loading spinner from there.
And with these two pieces imported down there just as we did it before I will wrap this into react fragments
so that we can have multiple root level react elements or J as X elements I should say and then we can
render our error model layer forward.
Any error we might have like this.
And on clear should point at clear error.
And if we're loading I want to show a loading spinner so if as loading is true I want to render a div
let's say with a class name of center to have a nicely centered loading spinner like this year and last
but not least let's make sure we only show the places here if we're not loading and we do have load
at places only in that case I want to output them by the way you could also add a fallback scenario
for cases where you have no load at places with debt I don't mean that it's an empty array but that
it's undefined for whatever reason an empty array is handled inside of place list there we render a
fallback if this is empty.
So with that if we save this we can reload here and we see our places.
Now we all see some things wrong with the you are L here.
I do have an image but the source is not rendered correctly so the source is not set correctly here
because in place list I render a place item I forward the image and I extract placed dot image you are
L for that now I'm storing this differently on the back end if you check your collections in places
we do have an image property not image you are L so actually here we should retrieve dot image and not
image you are L if we do that and we go back we see our images.
Now this is a bit a pixel ish we will later of course be able to upload our own images and then we can
upload proper images.
Other than that that would work that if we view it as on a map this is the Marine plus the image just
as wrong because at the moment on the back end we always use the same dummy image.
As I said later in this app will be able to provide our own ones here on the Empire State Building of
course is a better fit and dare we point at the Empire State Building.
So this is already working we are able to load places as a next step.
I want to make sure that if I am logged in with the correct user an idea for a c edit and delete these
two buttons work as well and they can go to edit and then load the place correctly and edit it and save
these changes to the server and the same of course for deleting that this also works ask before your
chance to try this on your own updating.
So editing is probably a bit more challenging deleting should be straightforward in the next lectures.
Of course do it together though.